c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\bin\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.exe.config
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\bin\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\bin\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.THONG_TIN_CHU_XE.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.ĐĂNG_NHẬPcs.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.exe
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.Formmain.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.HÓA_ĐƠN_SỬA_CHỮA.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.HỒ_SƠ_BẢO_BẢO_HIỂM_XE.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.HỒ_SƠ_BẢO_TRÌ_XE.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.LOẠI_XE.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.QUẢN_LÝ_TÀI_XẾ.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.HỒ_SƠ_BẢO_HIỂM_NGƯỜI.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.THỐNG_KÊ_XE.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.TRỢ_GIÚP.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.Form1.resources
C:\Users\ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\ADMIN\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\quanlygiaothongdothi\quanlygiaothongdothi\obj\Debug\quanlygiaothongdothi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
